Lettuce;A green blanket, enjoyed by rabbits.
Ketchup;Along with chocolate, makes for an excellent blood substitute with film.
Mustard;The Mad Hatter's favorite topping on toast.
Whole Wheat Bread;Bread, just disputably healthier for you.
White Bread;The most boring of bread, will likely lecture you on politics or something.
Sourdough Bread;Sourful and powerful, this bread has a strong opinion on every. Damn. Thing.
Your Grandma's Breadbox Bread;No expiration date. Taste test first. Made with love.
Hoagie Bun;During the day, a columnist. At night, a hero roll.
Subway Yoga Mat Bread;Created from slightly used yoga mats from the dance studio across the street.
Roast Beef;Also known as 'I've got hurt feelings meat' or 'toasted conflict'.
Ham;Ham. Yup.
Dry Turkey;Like wet turkey, only dry.
Salami;Xena the Warrior Princess's favorite meat, flies well when thrown.
Tuna;This popular fish is said to be able to take down a lion.
MicroGreens;Taste like freshly cut grass. Looks like freshly cut grass. is freshly cut grass
ToeMaToe;Low/no sodium, solidified ketchup miniature discuses (frisbees)
Cheddar;A mild-mannered cheese dyed a less intimidating color.
Yak Cheese;Cheese from our most music-festival-attending ox.
Swiss Cheese;The best cheese ever, and nobody can poke holes in that fact.
Havarti Cheese;A smooth, creamy, supple-in-texture cheese. Can't have a party without havarti.
Daniel Angerer's Human Milk Cheese;Please don't put this on your sandwich. It tastes best by itself!
Blue Cheese;Ordinary, crumbly cheese if you're colorblind.
Cucumbers;Old pickles, if they aged like Benjamin Button.
Carrot;Human noses. If humans were snow-people.
Cream Cheese;What's that in the sky? It's a cheese? It's a cream? It's a cream cheese!
Spinach;Soggy lettuce, produces beachball-sized biceps when consumed.
Marbled Rye Bread;Bread, inspired by Vincent van Gogh.
Ciabatta Roll;Just as much to say as it is to eat.
American Cheese;O'er the land of the cheese and the home of the brave.
Provolone;Made in solidary in Provo, Utah.
Bacon;You can't spell 'happiness' without 'bacon'. well, you can. you'd just be miserable spelling it.
Prosciutto;Uncured ham, sliced as thin as Ryan's wallet.
Corned Beef;Cows after a Korn festival, pairs well with cabbage.
Avocado;It's hip 'vocado. And $9 a cut.
Red Onion;These onions were made famous after starring in an action comedy with Bruce Willis.
Peanut Butter;Be judged by your selection of this at Costco, by Steve, a passerby. Screw you, Steve! I LIKE JIF. I DON'T NEED MY PEANUT-BUTTER TO BE MADE OUT OF ALMONDS. THAT'S YOUR CHOICE. anyway, its peanuts in butter-form.
Jam Jellies;If fruit and sugar got into a car accident and neither were wearing a seatbelt.
Mayo;Spread for your bread.
Dill Pickles;If cucumbers were witches.
Chicken;A non-confrontational bird.
Cranberry Sauce;Cranberry jelly is so fancy its considered a sauce.
Horseradish;How cool is that horse? Eh. That horse is rad-ish.
Butter;You best believe this is butter.
Hummus;Pairs well with Avocado bread, thick rimmed glasses and The Shins.
KimChi;A type of karate, filled with vegetables.
Pesto;The last name of the family across the street from Bob's business.
Bell Peppers;1776 substituted with peppers instead of liberty.
Relish;What is relish?
Anchovy Paste;I'm better than both Vegemite or Marmite.
Marmite;Im better than Vegemite
Vegimite;I'm better than Marmite
Egg;There's fried egg, boiled egg, sliced egg, baked egg, salted egg, raw egg, egg burger, salsa'd egg, egg sandwich, egg salad, salad egg, egg fried rice, chicken egg, .... That-that's about it.
Sauerkraut;[Insert Europeon Joke Here]
Slaw;Is this appropriation? 
Olive Bruschetta;I'm a tomato poser.
Taco Meat;Hamburger + Spices = Taco Meat
HawtDwag;Ya know like that cute costume
Spaghetti;PastaFarians be craving those noodly apendages.
MeatBalls;Boy, sure is nice not havin' Shake around.
Marinara;A trench in the ocean... Not sure what this has to do with sandwiches.  
PepperCini;Like peppers, but from the east coast.
Pulled Pork;'I like my butt rubbed and my pork pulled' - Porky Pig 
Seitan;Allergies be damned!!
