A Nail;oof ouch owee
American Cheese;O'er the land of the cheese and the home of the brave.
Anchovy Paste;I'm better than both Vegemite or Marmite.
Arugula;Why, just why?
Avocado;It's hip 'vocado. And $9 a cut.
Bacon;You can't spell 'happiness' without 'bacon'. well, you can. you'd just be miserable spelling it.
Baloney;It's nonsense. 
Bananas;Request them without pajamas, for a bananaier taste.
Barbacoa;Far South BBQ 
Bell Peppers;1776 substituted with peppers instead of liberty.
Blue Cheese;Ordinary, crumbly cheese if you're colorblind.
Bread;Flour, Water, Salt, Yeast
Bun;Don't think outside it. Think it.
Butter;You best believe this is butter.
Capicola;Try is spicy!
Caramelized Onions;Nearly burnt is the best bestest.
Carrot;Human noses. If humans were snow-people.
Celery;Add some crunch to your lunch!
Cheddar Cheese;A mild-mannered cheese dyed a less intimidating color.
Cheese;who cares what kind just eat it already
Cheezewhiz;The classiest way to enjoy cheese.
Cherries;Used in bombs and pies, but a sweet addition to any sundae or sandwich.
Chicken Liver;It's better than the Chicken Die-r.
Chicken;A non-confrontational bird.
Chickpeas;DO not eat while dry.
Chocolate Bread With Holes;The holes are where the flavor is!
Ciabatta Roll;Just as much to say as it is to eat.
Cilantro;Great in salsa, bomb in sandwiches.
Corned Beef;Cows after a Korn festival, pairs well with cabbage
Cranberry Sauce;Cranberry jelly is so fancy its considered a sauce
Cream Cheese;What's that in the sky? It's a cheese? It's a cream? It's a cream cheese!
Cucumber;Old pickles, if they aged like Benjamin Button.
Daikon;Winter radishes is coming.
Daniel Angerer's Human Milk Cheese;Please don't put this on your sandwich. It tastes best by itself!
Dill Pickles;If cucumbers were witches.
Dirt;Rare, hard to find ..dirt. Found in most sandwiches in very small portions.
Dough;More dough, more problems.
Dry Turkey;Like wet turkey, only dry.
Egg;There's fried egg, boiled egg, sliced egg, Easter Egg, baked egg, salted egg, raw egg, egg burger, salsa'd egg, egg sandwich, egg salad, salad egg, egg fried rice, chicken egg, .... That-that's about it.
Goat Cheese;Creamy delish on a cracker.
Green Sauce;You get it right?
Haggis;What? It's basically a less processed HawtDog. All Organic!
Ham;Ham. Yup.
Hamburger Bun;The ideal bun for a hamburger.
Hamburger;The ideal hamburger for a hamburger bun.
Havarti Cheese;A smooth, creamy, supple-in-texture cheese. Can't have a party without havarti.
HawtDwag;Ya know like that cute costume
Hoagie Bun;During the day, a columnist. At night, a hero roll.
Horseradish;How cool is that horse? Eh. That horse is rad-ish.
Hot Dog;Some(most) like it hot.
Hot Sauce;*will smith voice* Ah, That's Hawt
Hummus;Pairs well with Avocado bread, thick rimmed glasses and The Shins.
Ice Cream;It's cold.
Jalapeno;Spicy like AZ.
Jam Jellies;If fruit and sugar got into a car accident and neither were wearing a seatbelt.
Ketchup;Along with chocolate, makes for an excellent blood substitute with film.
KimChi;A type of karate, filled with vegetables.
Korned Beef;Boom na da mmm dum na ema Da boom na da mmm dum na ema
Lettuce;A green blanket, enjoyed by rabbits.
Lil'Smokies;Lil' for your lil' tummies.
Lingua;Kissy Kissy, Mwawh!
Marbled Rye Bread;Bread, inspired by Vincent van Gogh.
Marinara;A trench in the ocean... Not sure what this has to do with sandwiches.  
Marmite;Im better than Vegemite
Mayo;Spread for your bread.
MeatBalls;Boy, sure is nice not havin' Shake around.
MicroGreens;Taste like freshly cut grass. Looks like freshly cut grass. is freshly cut grass
Mortadella;It is possible to have delish bologna, yes just believe. ET Phone Home. 
Mozzarella Cheese;Best from Water Buffalo. Mama Mia!
Mustard;A zesty yellow fellow that isn't at all mellow, and can make you bellow.
Mystery Meat;Scooby's stumped on this one too.
Nacho Cheese;Ninja Turtles favorite pizza topping after gang-fight snack.
Nutella;Brown spread. Don't worry, it's hazelnut and cocoa.
Olive Bruschetta;I'm a tomato poser.
Olive Oil;Vegetable Oil for the classy.
Onions;It has lots of layers, like Shrek.
Pate;Meat paste, also a way to refer to someone's head.
Peanut Butter;Be judged by your selection of this at Costco, by Steve, a passerby. Screw you, Steve! I LIKE JIF. I DON'T NEED MY PEANUT-BUTTER TO BE MADE OUT OF ALMONDS. THAT'S YOUR CHOICE. anyway, its peanuts in butter-form.
PenPineAppleApplePen;An abomination with a catchy dance. 
PepperCini;Like peppers, but from the east coast.
Pepperoni;Elk brand
Pesto;The last name of the family across the street from Bob's business.
Pie Crust;Also referred to as Pie Crusties in groups, frequently panhandle and tell you your life is a lie.
Pineapple;Not from pine trees. 
Pita;Take a bagel and smash it flat, like paper.
Potato;boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew
Prosciutto;Uncured ham, sliced as thin as Ryan's wallet.
Provolone;Made in solidary in Provo, Utah.
Pulled Pork;'I like my butt rubbed and my pork pulled' - Porky Pig 
Queso Fresco;Benjamin Button's aged cheese. 
Red Onion;These onions were made famous after starring in an action comedy with Bruce Willis.
Relish;What is relish?
Roast Beef;Also known as 'I've got hurt feelings meat' or 'toasted conflict'.
Roast Vegetables;Like Chris Rock at the Oscars. 
Roasted Onions;Different than raw, burnt, or even flamebroiled. 
Roasted Red Peppers;Mmmm burnt is the best.
Salad;Good for your fingers
Salami;Xena the Warrior Princess's favorite meat, flies well when thrown.
Salsa;Green, Red, Mango, Chutney, a mystery flavor. 
Salt;Not recommended for witches consumption.
Sauerkraut;(Insert Europeon Joke Here)
Schmaltz;You don't want to know. Seriously, don't look it up. 
Seitan;Allergies be damned!!
Slaw;Is this appropriation? 
Sourdough Bread;Sourful and powerful, this bread has a strong opinion on every. Damn. Thing.
Spaghetti;PastaFarians be craving those noodly apendages.
Spinach;Soggy lettuce, produces beachball-sized biceps when consumed.
Steak Sauce;A-1 or Heinz-57? YOU DECIDE!?@?
Steak;Eat it raw, else the internet will have an opinion about it.
Subway Yoga Mat Bread;Created from slightly used yoga mats from the dance studio across the street.
Sugar;Straight up, raw, uncut, not laced with nothin'.
Swiss Cheese;The best cheese ever, and nobody can poke holes in that fact.
Taco Meat;Hamburger + Spices = Taco Meat
Tahini;Thick like you like it. Make sure to mix the oil in first. 
Thousand Island Dressing;Generic Name for Bic Mac Sauce.
ToeMaToe;Low/no sodium, solidified ketchup miniature discuses (frisbees)
Tomato;Best home grown, do not store in fridge.
Tortillas;Little dried, cut, burrito casings. 
Tuna;This popular fish is said to be able to take down a lion.
Tzatziki;Yes it's spelled right. 
Vegemite;I'm better than Marmite
Vinegar;Old wine for kids!
White Bread;The most boring of bread, will likely lecture you on politics or something.
Whole Wheat Bread;Bread, just disputably healthier for you.
Wood;Fiber supplement. 
Yak Cheese;Cheese from our most music-festival-attending ox.
Your Grandma's Breadbox Bread;No expiration date. Taste test first. Made with love.